How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
1:sparade mig massor av tid
2: Gick rakt på sak och tog fram alla förändringar som gjorts så att jag direkt kunde isolera problemet
3: Är en stor fördel när jag har mer än 5 rader kodtext!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
1:it allows me to view my progress
2: when ever i encounter a problem it allows me to quickly identify where i made my first wrong. and how to avoid these mistakes for the future.
3: it allos me to always make progress as mistakes are irrelevant as i can always continue on an old version which was functioning

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
1: it is not totally uncommon that you miss commiting you project, that you commit to small or commit to big. 
2: However if you find a good rythm of how to commit then commiting can be a great tool for finding bugs quick and easy. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
1:cause saving separately and saving all files in one commit has different functions for different tasks. and are thus prefered more by different services, like google docs vs git

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
1:git log shows me all saved instances and let me revisit my previous code
2: git diff shows me specifically what has changed in one file but not the other
this saves me a lot of time and a lot of brain energy.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
!it definately makes me more confident to add crazy code which i do not know what it does, as i alweays can at any time choose to go back to en previous verson om my code.